well howdy there internet people that's
bogan I said at night we are going to
talk about that plan national emergency
over the border wall and and how that's
gonna play out if it does and but before
we get into that I want to we have to
establish two things that are really
important to this conversation so we
need to get them out there upfront first
border apprehensions which are the
metric that Border Patrol uses to
determine the flow along the southern
border are at a 40-year low 40-year low
and have been for a number of years the
other thing we need to establish is the
Constitution of the United States lays
out a process for funding projects it's
an article 1 section 9 Clause 7 okay so
now that those things are out there we
need to recap a little bit of history so
he ran with promises of bringing back
prosperity and making the country great
great again he talked about the
supremacy of our military and how he's
gonna build it up he he said that we
weren't taken seriously on the
international stage anymore and then he
could fix that
and he got elected got elected the
international community in the beginning
they laughed at him he was a
laughingstock because he's ridiculous
then it didn't take him long to realize
that while his unpredictable nature may
have somebody they had to watch and it
didn't take him long to realize that the
country wasn't set up the way he wanted
he didn't have the power he needed to
make all the changes that he wanted and
and to fulfill the promises that he had
made so when the Reichstag burned he
declared a national emergency yeah I'm
not talking about trauma I'm talking
about Hitler no it's hard to tell the
difference sometimes
you know people said that comparison is
played out it's not there's a reason
almost every expert on fascism makes the
comparison it's because trumps are
fascist
fascism doesn't mean oh he says mean
things and you know he has a violent
rhetoric that's not what fascism is
fascism has fourteen pretty specific
elements the first of which is what
Mussolini and his crew called corporate
TVs MO it's the blending of government
and economic power the second is an
overriding disdain for human rights
waterboard them go after their families
there's a war with the media that want
to control the media fake news an
obsession with crime and punishment
we're talking about the guy who took out
a full-page ad demanding the execution
of people who later turned out to be
innocent an overriding theme of
nationalism the guy said he was a
nationalist advocacy for a supreme
military space force we're gonna build
the greatest the greatest the biggest a
paranoid obsession with national
security sound familiar
scapegoating about groups sexism
religious propaganda that you know
scapegoats the minority religions in the
country the suppression of labor a
disdain for intellectuals and the arts I
think he's tried to sue Saturday Night
Live right now cronyism believed in a
petition would probably fall under that
corruption and fraudulent elections
that's fascism even if you're a trump
supporter you have to admit and that's
pretty accurate
the Constitution of the United States
does not allow for the President of the
United States to stomp his feet per a
temper tantrum and declare a national
emergency because Congress didn't do
what he wanted that's the whole point of
Congress it's a check checks and
balances come off on third grade civics
here that's their whole job that is
their whole job is to make sure that we
don't descend into tyranny don't descend
into a dictatorship they're supposed to
put the brakes on stupid projects that's
their job article 1 section 9 Clause 7
lays out how projects are funded
now this little national emergency
theater I think it may play out I think
it may play out if Trump contrary to his
character sticks to his word it probably
will cuz nobody in the Democratic Party
is stupid enough to vote for a
compromise that includes a wall be the
end of their careers in politics the
American people don't want it so if he
follows through with his threat we'll
see it and when we see it you have a
choice and it's the same choice that
Germans faced after they backed Hitler
in the beginning when they realized what
was going on they didn't want to face it
they didn't want to admit they'd been
duped
they'd been tricked so they continued to
play along you can do the same thing the
choice is simple you can support the
Constitution of the United States or you
can support mango Mussolini there is no
way to support both anymore either you
support the Constitution of the United
States or you betray it you're a patriot
or a traitor
it's your choice doesn't matter if you
support what he wants to do
circumventing Congress it's a betrayal
it's a betrayal of the very ideas this
country was founded on
when that time comes I hope that you
choose to be an August Landmesser or a
sophie scholl rather than a good German
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night